{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red13\green60\blue144;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c3922\c31765\c63137;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://airmail.calendar/2018-04-23%2016:30:53%20EDT"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 On April 23, 2018 at 4:30:53 PM}}
\f0\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, Anderson, Jennifer ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:janderson@staustin.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 janderson@staustin.org}}) wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf4 Hi Aaron,\
\
I am attaching copious amounts of info on the SGI we have on our website. We have no problem with sharing it, but I do discourage people from using our online version because it is going to suggest ministries to you at the end that are specific to our parish, plus one of our vendors provides us with the web access version for free as a favor to us.\
 \
Our previous Director of Development and her Stewardship Committee found this tool -- It came from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://home.earthlink.net/~haywoodm/SpiritualGiftsDiscernment.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://home.earthlink.net/~haywoodm/SpiritualGiftsDiscernment.html}}, they were told they could share it (per the disclaimer we publish on our webpage for it and at the bottom of the front page of the printed version), and I'm happy to do so, as well. The original version did not use Catholic language, and so our committee made some small changes within the context of the questions before we started using it. \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb6 Here are the files I have attached to help you create your own online or printed SGI and their descriptions. \cb1 Each of these files (with the exception of the SGI in Publisher) was sent to the programmer who created the website version for us. We gave him the PDF of the paper version so he could see exactly what we were going for and then all of the data in the various workbooks. From this, he did the rest. It's very simple programming, so hopefully you have someone who can do that for you within your parish and show you how to host it on your own webpage.\
 \
Excel Workbook: self score prototype\
I think one of our parishioners made this so the stewardship committee could see the possibilities of not doing the SGI on paper and having something that scored automatically. There are three worksheets.\
Assessment: The language used in the statements may NOT be the final language we used.  I think the idea is that you put Xs under the right answer column for you, then Show Results should take you to the Summary info on the subsequent worksheets.  It uses Macros, but I haven't used it in a long time, so I am not sure how much of that is still functioning, if any, since it's been saved in different versions of MS Office.\
Self Score: The manual way of assigning your score and calculating it. This table also shows you how the questions are arranged so that only one in every 23 questions is about a particular gift. \
Summary: If the macros is operating, this would be the final results page after completing the survey page.\
 \
Excel Workbook: SGI website files\
This workbook has three worksheets. \
Statements: Each statement from the survey that the parishioner rates\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 Gifts\cb1 : Each gift, gift description and then a column with the list of ministries that could be associated with that gift. Ministries do overlap gifts and show up multiple times. \
URLs: The URL on our website for each ministry's webpage so that at the end of the survey, when the \cb7 gifts\cb1  and possible ministries are presented, the parishioner can click on the ministry name to immediately find out more info about that ministry and get contact info.\
 \
Excel Workbook: \cb7 gifts\cb1  ministries cross reference\
This workbook has three worksheets. \
Original: the original worksheet used to figure out which ministry goes with which gift, sorted by overarching titles that apply to groups of ministries. We use these titles less now, but I think the stewardship committee came up with them back in 2008 to try to help direct people to things they may be interested in doing. (I don't know what the X vs. * difference means.)\
Sorted: same info sorted by ministry name\
List: same info sorted by gift\
 \
PDF: SGIPublic\
This is a PDF of a paper version that can be printed and calculated manually.\
 \
Microsoft Publisher: SGIPublic\
We use Publisher for most of our document layouts in the office, so if you have it, you can use this file to change a paper version directly.\
\
Blessings,\
Jennifer\
\
\
+ + +\
Jennifer Anderson\
Director of Administration & Stewardship\
St. Austin Catholic Parish\
2026 Guadalupe St., Austin, Texas 78705\
ph 512.477.9471x325\
fax 512.477.9430\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.staustin.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://www.staustin.org}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/staustinparish"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Facebook: StAustinParish}}\
\
THIS E-MAIL MAY CONTAIN CONFIDENTIAL OR PROPRIETARY MATERIAL FOR THE SOLE USE OF THE INTENDED RECIPIENT. ANY REVIEW, USE, DISTRIBUTION OR DISCLOSURE BY OTHERS IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS EMAIL IN ERROR PLEASE NOTIFY THE SENDER IMMEDIATELY. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://airmail.calendar/2018-04-18%2011:26:00%20EDT"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 On Wed, Apr 18, 2018 at 11:26 AM}}, Aaron Christy \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:aaron@phad.com"}}{\fldrslt \ul aaron@phad.com}}>\uc0\u8236  wrote:\
\
Hi there,\
\
I am on the communications team at Seton Parish in Pickerington, Ohio and we are doing some research into providing some spiritual gifts / charisms resources to our parishioners.  Our goal is to help them better discern what gifts they have and how they might be able to use them in their daily lives, with their families, and at the parish itself.\
\
I had come across your spiritual gifts inventory online tool in the past and we've used it with some of the parish staff.  However, we are now considering if we would like to start using the tool (or something like it) in a larger context.\
\
Your web site mentioned to contact you about setting up the SGI tool for our parish, so if you have any additional information you could pass along, I'd appreciate it!\
\
Thank you for all that you do!\
\
Aaron Christy\
\
\
Our parish information:\
\
St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Parish\
Pickerington Ohio\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.setonparish.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://www.setonparish.com/}}\
\
\
\
}